The author has made significant improvements to the software and the 
article.  Only the minor changes described below are required.

*** Comments for the author ***

Associate Editor:

I agree with reviewer 2 that the title should remove or replace the word 
"better".

[page 11]
The following text is duplicated in paragraphs 1 and 2:
"Hovering over the display shows the cutoff value at the point nearest 
to the cursor. Clicking makes the cutoff label stick until the next 
click, and if confidence regions are available, clicks will also display 
those as grey rectangles."

[page 15]
As pointed out previously by one reviewer, the article still wanders 
into the first person in places.  The language also becomes very 
casual/conversational/bloggy in places, e.g., "but I decided to ...", 
"The idea is that ..."

Reviewer 1:

In this revised version of the package, the author worked out a very 
nice integration with ggplot, with custom geometries, statistics and a 
theme in a way I wish to see more often in R packages. Faceting is 
available quite naturally with a melt function that blends nicely in the 
ggplot framework. This is very nice and relatively easy to use as 
advertised for simple ROC plots.

The calculations now seem accurate. I am also happy with the revised 
manuscript and web interface, and recommend to accept the manuscript.

Reviewer 2:

The paper has been revised and most previous concerns have been
adressed appropriately. The rewrite of the software package ensures a
fit with the ggplot2 framework and allows to elegantly use features
like grouping and facetting.

A few remaining comments:
- As pointed out in the last review, the title "better tool for
plotting ROC curves" suggests that the tool is designed to outperform
or replace other available tools like pROC and ROCR. While this tool
offers new and useful ideas, it is lacking many of the features
offered in other packages. Maybe use a slightly more modest title?

- The package is currently only available via github, not yet via
CRAN. Would it make sense to ensure CRAN availability before
publishing the paper?

- The package depends on the development version of ggplot2. How can
be ensured that plotROC runs with the development version of at the
time the user/reader installs it via install_github?


